Height 170 Bust
rogue
How long do you plan to take Doudou back to the countryside?
It's going to take a month anyway
So long?
Do you have enough financial means?
Take care of Doudou
Daddy
It doesn't cost much if the consumption in the countryside is low.
You can't live a hard life even if your spending is low
Don't force yourself to come out and make money
He's having a hard time. What did you say?
Nothing, don't worry.
I have 50,000 savings
It's okay to take care of Doudou
50,000 also called deposits
Miss Choke, you are financially incapable
Can't take care of Doudou
I don't trust you with the child.
Then tell me a number.
By how much?
At least 100,000
100,000 make 50,000 more
You give me a day.
You are not afraid of the wind flashing your tongue
Just wait and see.
If you can't do it
I will disappear into Doudou's world forever
But if I do
You have to come home with me and play my husband
It's a deal.
I was recently hired by Story Group.
You're going to lose.
And there it is, StoryCorps.
wooden dad
What's he doing here?
What did you just call me dad?
I mean Gu Doudou's father
Why are you pretending to be the president again?
Oh, right.
I don't know your name yet.
It's not necessary.
After today, there is no intersection between us.
Don't get too proud
I may not fail the Story Group interview
You are coming to Story Group for an interview
Right.
Story Group is the most powerful company in Haicheng
Only he can afford the salary I want
Then you know a company strength bridge
Does it mean anything?
Means more than money
Means a high elimination rate
Who do you look down on?